1) Robot Framework is a generic text automation framework for acceptance testing.
2) Acceptance test driven development.
3) It utilizes the keyword-driven testing approach.
4) Provides test libraries implemented either with Python or Java, and user can create new higher-level keywords
   from existing ones using the same syntax that is used for creating test cases.

The test cases in Robot Framework are based on keywords written in tabular format, which makes it clear and readable,
and conveys the right information about the intention of the test case. For example, to open browser, the keyword
used is “Open Browser”.

ADVANTAGES

Robot Framework scripts are hard to maintain.
Robot Framework HTML reports are difficult to customize.
Robot Framework does not support parallel test execution.
Some Robot Framework errors are difficult to debug.
Robot Framework has strict indentation rules.

The test cases in Robot Framework are based on keywords written in tabular format, which makes it clear and readable,
and conveys the right information about the intention of the test case. For example, to open browser, the keyword
used is “Open Browser”.
Create logs and take screenshots itself

DISADVANTAGES

Robot Framework scripts are hard to maintain.
Robot Framework HTML reports are difficult to customize.
Robot Framework does not support parallel test execution.
Some Robot Framework errors are difficult to debug.
Robot Framework has strict indentation rules.


TO SETUP ROBOT FRAMEWORK

Install Python
Install PyCharm IDE
Then in CMD
pip install selenium
pip install robot-framework
pip install robotframework-seleniumlibrary
pip install robotframework-datadriver

ROBOT FRAMEWORK FEATURES

1) Tabular format for test cases
2) Keywords
3) Variables
4) Test Case Tagging

DATA DRIVEN TESTCASES
'install robotframework-datadriver' in the project interpreter section

Robot framework supports keyword driven style test cases and data driven style. Data driven works with high-level
keyword used as a template to the test suite and the test cases are used to share data with the high-level keyword
defined in the template. It makes the work very easy for testing UI with different inputs.

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ROBOT FRAMEWORK AND SELENIUM
Robot is a test framework that makes use of test libraries (standard & external) to execute tests, whereas Selenium
is only a WebDriver/library that requires the support of test automation runners in order to perform test execution.

PARALLEL EXECUTION

pabot --processes 2 TestCases\*.robot
2 -> No. of test cases you want to execute parallely
TestCases -> Package containing tests

To store output in a folder
pabot --processes 2 --outputdir Results TestCases\*.robot
